.TH "DOCKER" "1" " Docker User Manuals" "Scott Collier" "October 2014"  ""

.SH NAME
.PP
kubernetes \- Container orchestration tool

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBdocker\fP [OPTIONS] COMMAND [arg...]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBdocker\fP has two distinct functions. It is used for starting the Docker
daemon and to run the CLI (i.e., to command the daemon to manage images,
containers etc.) So \fBdocker\fP is both a server, as a daemon, and a client
to the daemon, through the CLI.

.PP
To run the Docker daemon you do not specify any of the commands listed below but
must specify the \fB\-d\fP option.  The other options listed below are for the
daemon only.

.PP
The Docker CLI has over 30 commands. The commands are listed below and each has
its own man page which explain usage and arguments.

.PP
To see the man page for a command run \fBman docker \fP.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-D\fP=\fItrue\fP|\fIfalse\fP
   Enable debug mode. Default is false.

.PP
\fB\-H\fP, \fB\-\-host\fP=[unix:///var/run/docker.sock]: tcp://[host:port] to bind or
unix://[/path/to/socket] to use.
   The socket(s) to bind to in daemon mode specified using one or more
   tcp://host:port, unix:///path/to/socket, fd://* or fd://socketfd.

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-enable\-cors\fP=\fItrue\fP|\fIfalse\fP
  Enable CORS headers in the remote API. Default is false.

.PP
\fB\-b\fP=""
  Attach containers to a pre\-existing network bridge; use 'none' to disable container networking

.PP
\fB\-\-bip\fP=""
  Use the provided CIDR notation address for the dynamically created bridge (docker0); Mutually exclusive of \-b

.PP
\fB\-d\fP=\fItrue\fP|\fIfalse\fP
  Enable daemon mode. Default is false.

.PP
\fB\-\-dns\fP=""
  Force Docker to use specific DNS servers

.PP
\fB\-g\fP=""
  Path to use as the root of the Docker runtime. Default is \fB\fC/var/lib/docker\fR.

.PP
\fB\-\-fixed\-cidr\fP=""
  IPv4 subnet for fixed IPs (ex: 10.20.0.0/16); this subnet must be nested in the bridge subnet (which is defined by \-b or \-\-bip)

.PP
\fB\-\-icc\fP=\fItrue\fP|\fIfalse\fP
  Enable inter\-container communication. Default is true.

.PP
\fB\-\-ip\fP=""
  Default IP address to use when binding container ports. Default is \fB\fC0.0.0.0\fR.

.PP
\fB\-\-ip\-masq\fP=\fItrue\fP|\fIfalse\fP
  Enable IP masquerading for bridge's IP range. Default is true.

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\fP=\fItrue\fP|\fIfalse\fP
  Disable Docker's addition of iptables rules. Default is true.

.PP
\fB\-\-mtu\fP=VALUE
  Set the containers network mtu. Default is \fB\fC1500\fR.

.PP
\fB\-p\fP=""
  Path to use for daemon PID file. Default is \fB\fC/var/run/docker.pid\fR

.PP
**\-\-registry\-mirror=://
  Prepend a registry mirror to be used for image pulls. May be specified multiple times.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP=""
  Force the Docker runtime to use a specific storage driver.

.PP
\fB\-v\fP=\fItrue\fP|\fIfalse\fP
  Print version information and quit. Default is false.

.PP
\fB\-\-selinux\-enabled\fP=\fItrue\fP|\fIfalse\fP
  Enable selinux support. Default is false. SELinux does not presently support the BTRFS storage driver.

.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBdocker\-attach(1)\fP
  Attach to a running container

.PP
\fBdocker\-build(1)\fP
  Build an image from a Dockerfile

.PP
\fBdocker\-commit(1)\fP
  Create a new image from a container's changes

.PP
\fBdocker\-cp(1)\fP
  Copy files/folders from a container's filesystem to the host at path

.PP
\fBdocker\-create(1)\fP
  Create a new container

.PP
\fBdocker\-diff(1)\fP
  Inspect changes on a container's filesystem

.PP
\fBdocker\-events(1)\fP
  Get real time events from the server

.PP
\fBdocker\-exec(1)\fP
  Run a command in a running container

.PP
\fBdocker\-export(1)\fP
  Stream the contents of a container as a tar archive

.PP
\fBdocker\-history(1)\fP
  Show the history of an image

.PP
\fBdocker\-images(1)\fP
  List images

.PP
\fBdocker\-import(1)\fP
  Create a new filesystem image from the contents of a tarball

.PP
\fBdocker\-info(1)\fP
  Display system\-wide information

.PP
\fBdocker\-inspect(1)\fP
  Return low\-level information on a container

.PP
\fBdocker\-kill(1)\fP
  Kill a running container (which includes the wrapper process and everything
inside it)

.PP
\fBdocker\-load(1)\fP
  Load an image from a tar archive

.PP
\fBdocker\-login(1)\fP
  Register or Login to a Docker registry server

.PP
\fBdocker\-logout(1)\fP
  Log the user out of a Docker registry server

.PP
\fBdocker\-logs(1)\fP
  Fetch the logs of a container

.PP
\fBdocker\-pause(1)\fP
  Pause all processes within a container

.PP
\fBdocker\-port(1)\fP
  Lookup the public\-facing port which is NAT\-ed to PRIVATE\_PORT

.PP
\fBdocker\-ps(1)\fP
  List containers

.PP
\fBdocker\-pull(1)\fP
  Pull an image or a repository from a Docker registry server

.PP
\fBdocker\-push(1)\fP
  Push an image or a repository to a Docker registry server

.PP
\fBdocker\-restart(1)\fP
  Restart a running container

.PP
\fBdocker\-rm(1)\fP
  Remove one or more containers

.PP
\fBdocker\-rmi(1)\fP
  Remove one or more images

.PP
\fBdocker\-run(1)\fP
  Run a command in a new container

.PP
\fBdocker\-save(1)\fP
  Save an image to a tar archive

.PP
\fBdocker\-search(1)\fP
  Search for an image in the Docker index

.PP
\fBdocker\-start(1)\fP
  Start a stopped container

.PP
\fBdocker\-stop(1)\fP
  Stop a running container

.PP
\fBdocker\-tag(1)\fP
  Tag an image into a repository

.PP
\fBdocker\-top(1)\fP
  Lookup the running processes of a container

.PP
\fBdocker\-unpause(1)\fP
  Unpause all processes within a container

.PP
\fBdocker\-version(1)\fP
  Show the Docker version information

.PP
\fBdocker\-wait(1)\fP
  Block until a container stops, then print its exit code

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
For specific examples please see the man page for the specific Docker command.
For example:

.PP
.RS

.nf
man docker run

.fi

.SH HISTORY
.PP
April 2014, Originally compiled by William Henry (whenry at redhat dot com) based
 on docker.com source material and internal work.
